As I recall it was a matter of going out in the anti-room, the next room to the office
and coming back in and possibly going out and coming back in once or twice.
Well you'll be going just a minute or two or a minute or two.
I would say just a minute or two.
Well now when you say you weren't there at the beginning, you must have come in when Mr. Adams and Mr. Cohn were there alone.
No, as I recall I believe I was there during the when Mr. Adams arrived.
But during that first portion I was in and out of the room for once twice.
Well then you don't want the state that you weren't there at the beginning of it.
Well I don't think that there would be a mistake.
I just want to know what it is.
It's as I testified.
It wasn't fair throughout the entire early part of the conversation I was in and out.
I'd like to read you sir your testimony from the page 6558.
Mr. Cohn?
I'll read it. I think you won't disagree with my reading.
Mr. Proto asked you the following question.
Were you within hearing distance of Mr. Cohn and Mr. Adams during the entire time of their conversation on this particular day?
And you answered yes I was except for the very beginning of the conversation on the 14th.
Now if you could have been mistaken or you could have been confused about it.
But were you there for the beginning of it and then left from time to time?
Or were you just not there when it started?
So it's my recollection that I was there when Mr. Adams arrived at a smile recollection that during the beginning of the conversation, the early part of the conversation,
for some reason or other, I was called out of the room and I was in another room maybe once or twice.
You were out answering and making telephone calls.
That's that question.
I don't really know why I was out there. Could be that I was there.
Do you have any recollection?
No, it could be that I was making this.
So I was just going to say.
It could be that you were there for more than just a moment or two.
It could be but my recollection is that I was there for just a moment or two running in and out for some reason.
What is it I don't know?
Well in any event you were not there all the time.
That's correct.
Well, you weren't not there particularly at the front end of the conversation.
Now let's turn to your telephone conversation, Mr. Car.
I'm not sure that I'm going to, that I'm right in saying this,
but I got the impression that yesterday you thought or you testified that Mr. Adams sought you up in the latter part of February and the early part of March.
What did you, was that concerning the business of the first part of February?
No, the first part of March.
I could be wrong about it, but you recall whether you sought Mr. Adams out or he sought you out?
Well, I don't, I don't really know.
I think it might have been one of the other.
Now I recall that he, that's talking about the fifth of March,
I recall that he had specific things that he wanted me to do.
I don't know whether that's seeking me out of it.
Did you have specific things you wanted him to do?
No, not at that time, for now.
Well, let's look at your phone call for the second day of March.
All right, sir.
Do you have it there?
545 in the afternoon?
Yes, sir.
And I think it's about the second, from the bottom, the little large paragraph that says Mr. Car.
I guess that is about it, except that I would very much like to get together with you on this,
so we could have a private chat sometime while we have a quiet moment.
Yes.
Now what was this that you were talking about?
Well, I think that we first told the conversation we were talking about here.
And what was that, sir?
This is the matter that might take a moment here.
Certainly.
Oh, yes.
This refers to the fact that during this period, as I recall, we had before the subcommittee,
people like Major Perez, other uniformed, homie personnel, I think that's what it refers to.
And during this period, I think that Secretary Stevens was to appear before the committee,
and his appearance was put off.
Was this the time that he testified yesterday that Mr. Adams talked to you about whether or not Mr. Cohn was mad at him,
and what you can do to catch it up?
Well, this, no.
The time that I spoke to him about that was Mr. Cohn and Senator McCarthy.
That conversation is on the fifth of March.
On the fifth of March?
Yes.
Well, as of the second of March, you, as Mr. Adams, to come to see you through, you can have a private chat.
That's correct.
Well, I said to Mr. Adams, I wish that we were all as much like to get together on this,
so we could have a chat, right?
That's correct.
No, I don't mean do we elaborate unnecessarily on these.
And the words of Mr. Cohn and Senator McCarthy are directly used.
Mr. Cohn, you have any questions?
Chair, may I ask anything from my left?
Am I right?
As far as Senator McCarthy?
Back to you, Mr. Cohn, for every ten minutes.
Now on the fourth of March.
Mr. Cohn, you have that?
Of course.
Yes, mine, 25.
Yes, and on the last page, you find where you said, I want to come over on other things.
I want you to come over on other things.
It's near the bottom, I think it's...
Just a moment.
Does night stuff exist in the bottom?
I'll come up on the list.
Yes, I find it.
I find it.
And here again, you were asking Mr. Adams to come over to see you, isn't that right?
Yes, it can be turned up.
Well, it says I want you to come over on other things.
That's right.
Mr. I, isn't it?
Yes, I do.
I do.
That's right.
That's right, isn't it?
And then someone to get to that very good eating place, the method is correct.
Ah.
Yes, yes, that's right.
Now I'm turning to the fifth of March.
Right, just a moment.
Have you found it there?
Right.
You have to know you were that fortunate with the deals with Cadillacs and Chevrolet's and things, don't you?
We call what the...
That portion of this call the deals with Cadillacs and second-hand Chevrolet's.
Ah, how do we call it?
Now let me check.
Yes, right.
It's quite a long call, I just tried to worry about it.
And almost immediately following that.
There is some discussion about a leadership school, isn't that correct?
Is that the following out of the house?
Let me show you.
Well, let me read Mr. Adam.
Yes, yes, you're right.
I don't want you to tell Roy, because I don't want him to think he has a commitment to leadership.
You find that?
I'm sure it's your own fund, Mr.
We'll take your time. We're in our place.
Speak only for yourself.
One of the place, three.
Right, you find that?
Right.
You know of any reason why Mr. Adam Blinwantth Roy told about the leadership course?
Yes, well what reason would he not want Roy to know?
Well, I think Mr. Adams had a mind that this was something that...
Had not been straightened out, something had not been settled.
It seems to me that sometime earlier Mr. Adams had told Mr. Cohn that Mr. Shine would be in training.
Some school down at Georgia Camp Gordon, I believe.
I think Mr. Cohn would be in training.
For a period of first he told him five weeks and then it was eight weeks and then it was ten weeks.
And Mr. Adams was somewhat embarrassed when it turned out to be something like several months.
That happened I think sometime in January.
I like that way.
Why he doesn't want to tell Mr. Cohn something and then later have to tell him something else.
Well if you know what difference did it make supporting it turn out in five years.
Was there any business of Mr. Cohn?
Well I think you have to remember that this is the date of this call.
This call is March 5th.
That's correct.
March 5th between March 5th and sometime I think it was the 18th of February.
Many things have happened which made it, would lead some people to believe that possibly Mr. Shine might not be going to this school or whatever he was going to join in.
But still it isn't for Mr. Cohn to tell the Army what to do with Shine?
Of course not.
No but the Army is...
Well they want to call Mr. Cohn what was going on.
That's correct.
Mr. Adams had told Mr. Cohn about it.
That's where it is.
You think Mr. Adams volunteers that or did Mr. Cohn ask for that into making?
I don't know.
Do I refresh a recollection as to the subject of your telephone call to sound to Cohn now?
No you don't.
That had to do with it not with how long it was going to be a camp Gordon's.
My testimony and my recollection both are to the effect that...
No if I haven't written that by recollection I haven't done so.
That's correct.
Now you said he will be pestering me to know if anyone will change other things.
Have Mr. Cohn been pestering you about private Shine?
No sir.
Well you predicted that he would be didn't he?
Yes this is a huge attempt.
I said you predicted.
Yes sir.
If anyone will change other things that means other things about private Shine doesn't it?
What other things were you referring to Mr. Cohn?
I think that...
I think now this is a conversation which I didn't know was being recorded in spite of some of the language in this conversation.
It's some time ago my recollection of it is that when I said he will be pestering me to know if anyone will change other things.
My recollection is that the other things were the schooling that Mr. Shine was scheduled as old as that.
And that's your recollection.
Would that have been a new artist, St. Louis, Mr. Cohn?
With no cards?
No sir.
As I recall this was a...
Ah you said no.
No.
And this to Adam says what other things?
What expects to do?
And then you said I would like to report looks about the same as before.
Same as before.
This part I want.
Now what was it that you wanted to report as being the same as before?
Oh the...
As I say now this is a somewhat gobbled conversation here.
I know but we'll have a little struggle with it.
That's right.
Well struggling along with it I would say that I would be further here to the fact that I would like to say that Mr. Cohn or that the army was not going to make any change in Mr. Shine's assignment which he had earned while at Fort Dix.
Because of the fact that some of the news papers have made much of a disagreement between Senator Mccasci and the structure of the army.
How did you know he'd earned anything Mr. Cohn?
I understood you didn't care much what happened to him in the military.
I didn't care much what happened to him in the military.
Then how do you know whether he earned or didn't earn anything?
Mr. Adams or Mr. Cohn and I believe Mr. Adams told me that Mr. Cohn was not going to be able to do anything.
Mr. Cohn had been thrown into some sort of a category and Mr. Cohn has something I don't know too much about.
In the army when you go through basic training you were graded and collected by categories and if you fall in certain categories you become infantry men.
If you fall in another category you become an investigator and another category and so on.
Well are you trying to suggest that perhaps the army discriminated against this private?
No sir.
As far as I know there was no discrimination.
There was a talk in the paper about if not going to a school but I don't know if there was discrimination.
And that's what you think that you were talking about when you said that you wanted to report that there had been no change?
Uh, yes sir.
Did you think there was a strange for you the director of the subcommittee staff to be still talking about Cheyenne after all of these months?
Well no I think if you go back in this conversation you'll see that Mr. Adams first brought up the name of Cheyenne.
No but you didn't tell him no don't bother me with Cheyenne you didn't say that or like that.
No at this point with a formal subject of conversation between the both of you wasn't it?
No at this point of the game there was this as I said it's somewhat overplayed controversy between the senator and the secretary.
The press had made a big thing of it.
At this point I was interested to see that Mr. Cheyenne was not discriminated against because of something that was going on in the committee.
You were fearful also that this private would be discriminated against?
No I was not fearful of that if you discriminated against.
But I think I would be less than thankful to say that I invited to be frank sir you're invited today.
But I didn't have an interest in it this point.
When did your interest develop Mr. Carr?
I don't know how exactly how to answer that question.
I'll do the Master's Candle.
It seems to me that this was the period and this is just my recollection.
This was the period following the much built up controversy between the secretary and the senator.
The conversations I had with Mr. Cohn and the senator at some time mentioned was made in the fact that they might possibly cancel out days of school or they were going to because of this controversy.
Did you have a very time to describe it?
Well they are going around but we're trying to watch too.
Mr. Cohn is on the move.
They continue another ten minutes.
Mr. Cohn, glad that you are.
I'm almost true.
Then you said this statement.
This would indicate that he would get whatever he is supposed to get.
That's in the form of a question.
What did you think he was supposed to get Mr. Carr?
Well, let me tell you this first.
I don't know whether it was in the form of a question when I originally said it.
Well, it says so here.
I'll go along with that.
This would indicate that he would get whatever he is supposed to get.
What was it that you thought he was supposed to get?
I thought he was supposed to get anything in the army that he had earned in the dirt.
He was supposed to get everything in the army.
So he always indicated to me that he would get in the army.
Well, you've never learned anything else about it.
Did Mr. Cohn have a different view from you on that subject?
I don't think he did.
Did Mr. Cohn think he had to get more than he got?
Have you thought that he got more than he got?
No, sir.
You're satisfied with his status at the moment, aren't you?
I think I said earlier.
I thought that he was qualified for a commission.
The fact that they didn't give him a commission is evidence.
When did you think he was qualified for a commission?
All along, I still think he is.
You hadn't even met him until the middle of August, did you?
No, but what I've been told about him.
Well, I see. Someone told you something about him and then you thought he had a commission.
That's right.
That's the only basis for your status.
Well, no.
The SM, no, my knowledge of him, comments mainly from one of the people that told me.
I did have some association with him during the fall before he left for the army.
Well, now passing on a little bit further down, you find a place where it says Mr. Carr.
I'll tell Mr. Roy.
That's the moment.
I skipped quite a few because I want to get through it.
Yes, I find it.
Why is it that you didn't want Roy to know about this leadership course?
Well, I don't think I didn't want Mr. Roy to know about it.
I think Mr. Adams didn't want him to know about it.
No, but you're the one that says, but don't you tell Mr. Roy?
Well, that's what this monitored phone call seems to imply.
Sure, it doesn't only imply it.
It says it, doesn't it?
Well, it says it, but on the other hand, this is what somebody typed up who says they took down something and they missed other things.
So you're saying this is wrong, is there, right?
I'm not saying this is wrong.
I'm saying that I don't recall saying it this way.
My recollection of this phone call is that it's pretty much as it appears here, except that I would think looking back at it,
and that's all I can do at this point, I would think looking back at it, that Mr. Adams probably said that for this reason.
He says, down here, start the sentence of reason.
I don't, I don't, I won't tell him this is he would start calling me, etc., etc.
I don't, well he agreed with you didn't he that you shouldn't tell Roy?
You and he were an agreement on that.
Well, that's what it looks like in here.
You both had the same experience with Roy when the problem of private trying came up, hadn't you?
No, I, I couldn't have any vent.
In any vent, you know what his experience was, so you heard his testimony.
I heard his testimony, right.
You said, but don't you tell Mr. Roy, then Mr. Adams said, I won't.
Then you said, I want a commitment on that, do you see that?
I see.
You made it very far, but you didn't want Roy to know about this leadership too.
Well, as I say here, I can read this thing several ways and I'm sure that you can read it a few more.
The way I, I find it hard to read it any other way, but if you didn't want Roy to know.
All right.
If I, if I go along with you on that, I think I'd have to go back and say, I, I'm trying to be agreeable with Mr. Sincere.
If I go back and say, I go on with you on that, then I'd have to go back and say, say that perhaps it refers back to this statement, Mr. Adams says,
four weeks does not make, uh, make a man a general.
You, that isn't what you didn't want Roy to know, did it?
Well, I don't know, that's what it says here.
Oh, now Mr. Carr, you don't want us to understand that you wanted a commitment.
Mr. Adams wouldn't tell Roy that four weeks didn't make a general.
No, but, but, but the way it was, we're saying now we're sitting here at this point trying to figure out what something meant several months ago.
At a time when I, I, uh, didn't know something was being monitored, we already had testimony that several.
There was a lot of people, but there it is.
And that's still on it.
That's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to, I'm trying to make it out here.
Uh, another thing I think about this, that if it refers back to this, don't make, uh, four weeks don't make,
uh, those aren't made to make a manager.
I think it, uh, may, uh, be a facetious remark on my part or that of Mr. Adams.
But you weren't being facetious when you said I want a commitment on that work.
Uh, I could very well offend. You could have been.
Yes, sir.
You want to leave it now that what you didn't want Roy to know, was that four weeks did not make a general.
No, I want to leave it just the way it is here. I think you should leave it to Roy.
I want to leave it to Roy. It is here, then.
Roy. Right. Right. Right.
How much time is it here, Roy?
That's right.
I, I think that I would like more than like that.
The burden of my opinion is here.
I want to talk to you.
Yes, you go ahead.
Yes, sir.
You go ahead.
Fast and set up.
I think we've heard different numbers here.
Not that I asked the significant two of this.
The number of men you have on that staff.
Yes. Well, you now tell us definitely how many men there are on that staff.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Right. It's my recollection after, uh, that there are 14, but I would not like to give you a straight down.
I believe that's right. I think we've heard the figure 10 and 14, but since I am sure we have heard 14, if you think now that's correct.
I will be willing to assume it is.
I'm not going to even get this, but you'd be correct.
But is that probably right?
I think that's correct.
And although it's 14, how many are lawyers?
I believe it's five or four lawyers, five lawyers.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Five or investigators, five investigators.
One research director.
One accountant.
Right.
Yes.
The executive director.
That's you.
Yes, sir.
And the chief counsel.
That's it?
That's six lawyers and all you mean this?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
One, two, three.
Counsel.
Now we're up to 10.
Well, at least, that would be, at least, six and something.
That's right, I'm wrong.
That's the whole 14.
Now I have to win them now, maybe.
Uh, women, uh, uh, can I believe the, uh,
an hour's 80 by the FFFFFF壓on.
Well, as a chief court, one chief court, a staff editor.
A staff editor?
Right.
Have to know what on me, what was that?
Well, that's the young lady that says, uh, getting out the, uh,
printed here, you know?
Uh, then, uh, seven assistant clerks,
seven assistant clerks, and uh, seven assistant clerks?
Yes.
So what do they do?
Well, seven assistant clerks, uh, are, uh,
secretary and assistant clerks coverage, uh, many jobs.
Well, secretary.
They're all, but I don't, do those seven have secretary of fainting?
Uh, yes, I think.
I'm doing secretary of work, yeah.
At least most of them.
Is one of them, especially, is found you in the secretary?
Uh, Mrs. Men's, uh, uh, secretary of the board, Mr. Connell,
well, I take it that the, uh,
a lot of his secretary of work is done, even the senator's office,
or in New York, is that right?
Uh, well, I, I suppose that he does do some in New York, uh,
although I, I don't know too much about that.
I haven't seen much of that.
He does do some, uh, with, uh,
intractor senator McCoff, who's office yesterday.
Uh, uh, uh,
If you were to work yesterday, how much your assistant's
name's time is consumed by you and how much by Mr. Cole?
What would you say?
Well, uh, I would have to, uh,
add a third entity to that and say that Mrs. Men's also does work for, uh,
the rest of the staff when she's not doing something for us.
Uh, that's better.
We have three and I would say that it will be divided into, uh,
I would say perhaps equal parts.
Turn any fire in the next fifteen minutes ahead, David?
Second portion.
Let's go out.
How long are you going to do this in place?
Is this in place?
Yes, the city of Chalde-Claude.
Uh, uh, let's go out.
This is a thing called,
I think, so I would have to call Mr. St. Fred,
St. Fred, and stuff.
I think the chair made that for the sake of the day.
It made a good presentation of that.
See how I apologize to the book.
I think it's, uh, some thirty-one, thirty-two days since the beginning of these hearings.
Uh, that's the first time I ever saw him.
I'm not sure that I was introduced to him that day, but throughout these hearings.
Would you feel in the car on the basis of your presentation, Mr. St. Fred,
how long does he know about it?
He will be part of our household commission of the Army.
Uh, yes, and what?
Uh, Stephen on the basis of his presentation.
Yes, sir, I will.
On the basis of today.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I know this is the thing,
I will arrange a discussion with respect to that telephone call of my son,
you know, that assuming the name or the showing came up,
that you did not propose.
Um, it's just my own telephone call.
Well, well, I so, yes, sir, that you did not propose.
Uh, yes, sir.
By the way, this is how I will apply to that rather interesting,
that turns you to strong style of things.
I really don't know, that's one of those fresh things I guess.
Uh, would you have some conversation with two people who applied into this area?
Uh, yes, I would call.
Uh, I can do what they are.
Mr. Walter, I think.
Oh, yes.
Now, the style of man doesn't protect, does he?
If he's a strong style of man,
he's not the protesting side, doesn't it?
No, sir.
That's how it goes.
All right, good.
Any other questions on the side?
I know that's far, may I compliment you, you know,
and this can be a strong style of man,
but I want to say that you're possessed of the kind of temperaments
that's needed in a hearing that last seven weeks.
As a witness, I think you have all that temperaments
that are so necessary for survival.
Uh, I think you have built a witness temperament.
Thanks, sir.
You still have your sent to humor.
Thanks.
Not all of them can hold it, you know.
Any other questions on that, sir?
That's the question you're asking.
Go ahead, Mr. Walter.
Uh, Mr. Walter, have another time.
Mr. Walter, I find that witness is often like to know
how long there have to be on the stand.
And I can say if he won't write into heavy interruptions
that we'll easily be through this afternoon.
But you might like to know that.
Now, Mrs. Bim, is your secretary?
She also works for Mr. Cole,
and she needs to be runnyed around.
And for who, what's the other man she may pay for it from?
Any of the investigators or comments,
or some comments?
But I suppose, generally, they take care of the other six secretaries,
or six binoculars, is that right?
Well, generally, but Mrs. Bim's does do a good deal of work for them.
I think that she probably does almost as much as the other girls do
for the investigators.
Do you have a sort of a number two veil that you can call on
if you are short on time available by Mrs. Bim?
Well, I can call on any of them, however I can't remember
as anyone that Mrs. Bim was in fact.
Well, and I take you as the executive director,
or whatever your title may be,
you have the power to command the center of the health for yourself
when you want it to you now.
Yes.
You are indicated here, and I have nothing but admiration,
Mrs. Cohn, I'm sure it is, that everybody in this office works
long hours in hard.
Is that right, sir?
Yes, sir?